my brother Lachlan well from alcohol
food today I'm going to show you a
wonderful way of making legitimate
rejuve elect is a drink a very notion
drink that aids the digestive system and
helps to put good bacteria back into
your gut it's a very simple drink to
make and it's not even expensive you
only need a few simple tools and I'm
going to show you how to do that today
you need two cups of wheat berries of
wheat grain Organic of course so food
organic food stores should have that so
just two cups of that we need a wide
mouth jar these are available in kitchen
stores or second-hand shops you can
usually pick them up for quite put you
know put dollars you need a fine mesh
nothing look bad
we need filtered water and a mesh a fine
mesh suit there's a few simple
procedures it takes a couple of days to
make this so take us through the simple
steps first of all take your wheat
berries pop them in yourself
and you go to the flash space same time
it's up basically just
sign it off
get your black mask job when you've done
that you can have the big berries with
water
and this is purely for starting for
eight hours so you can see that we've
just covered the berries with water now
that can be overnight or during the day
but eight hours when he was done the
wheat berries into this is ours now
anybody that might be thinking that they
have which intolerant oh that they cut
each wheat or gluten you don't have to
be concerned about this at all because
you're not actually eating the wheat you
are in computing making a fermented
drink so once you've got the figure in
the bag put it back into your jar you
can use a paper towel if you launch it
just to pop over the top and just set
that aside now you want to just make
sprouts from those grains so what you do
is for 48 hours to complete days you're
going to take the back out wrap it up
and you're going to reach that twice a
day so morning and night you start using
these sprouts and you will find that
they'll get about a quarter inch sprout
forming on them over them 48 hours
this is a lot of spaetzle I have been
doing and this is all of us 48 hours of
this one's been fermenting you can see
at the top of the water it's got some
bubbles and if you move I don't know
whether this can be captured on film but
if you move your jar around you can see
the fermentation process taking place
with the bubbles rising to the top
this liquid should smell really sweet
and having a nice clear or just slightly
milky consistency or look to it so when
your sprouts reach this size of around
about Korbin inch long you take the
straps out of the bed and put them
straight into a jar just like this one
you then fill the jar up with water and
you let that sit for 48 hours you can
use your not there to cover it if
there's any little flying creatures or
anything around that just gives it a bit
of twosome keep it clean after 48 hours
you transfer your liquid you're a
jeweler directly into a job that can be
drunk straight away you can keep it in
the fridge for up to five days but I
would recommend that you drink it as
much as you can maybe a good large liter
a day would be ample for less or more
because this is you improving you won't
be integrity of you've got to have this
wonderful bacteria and to improve your
flora that's what you're drinking at all
so when know when you have drained that
lot of liquid off you simply refill your
job and let that sit for another 24
hours
and you'll get another box of liquid or
a jutsu like from that again you can put
it in another job put it in the fridge
and you've got to lots of Regina left
one for 48 hours
one for 24 hours when you finish that
procedure your sprouts have no benefit
to you at all you can put them in the
compost and add to your Gardens bacteria
as well that's as simple as it is that's
for juggling and I know your guts going
to be really happy and digestive systems
going singing and because it's a really
simple easy cheap way of getting that
gut flora in integrity improved okay
enjoy
that's retrieval
you